all right love some of these spits gonna
get bits big bag of dill pickle this is
the truman show actually I probably can
do that buddy fruits the applesauce of
Gideon's tactical so this se6 is just
great i love using it it's an awesome
black oh wow i guess i don't need to
play it when you got Brian around the
reason is it found in Luke chapter 2
verses 19 through excuse now Zach okay
Nate no talking no talking what's
awesome is that you get along with your
kayaks you get this really nice pal uh
just you know kind of pal no understood
some powerful se5 that we have here
before us she's all oiled up and ready
to be tested today for us we've been
using that
egg or a steak or you know a you know a
steak for up booby traps somewhere
uh-huh if you're fighting somebody this
is stupid and let me say that okay
boobie jets / booby trap over there
worry about breaking you're not gonna
have to worry about that dude I'm gonna
do a montage on hahaha ok keep rolling
ok we're doing opticians haha I ghosts
always fun without it hey ray this shoot
yeah
so we're out here today I'm a little
hiking trip god that's sorry duo of this
night that's like no competition now you
re eating I'm do all the work hahahahaha
sorry you can stop it eat I got the fire
going we'd be freezing our butts off by
to get that fire going thanks so easy
stupid name though sticks with it okay
tough guy you hurry up lights for baby
hurry up I'm the woods and gonna try and
survive you know overnight you should be
rocking the hesi 5 or su six something
like that and then have your S III and
then I'll throw the knife around uh your
S III no problem Kenya hair let's do it
again what's up to see that again this
tripods like
some if you're straight in there
what's that you dummy what we think you
do you make up for errands loss was just
like what I'm saying to the pack do you
would need to okay ma'am well hey there
everybody happy thanksgiving from myself
and all those know